you
hello from Fort Lauderdale Florida with
the US Women's National Team will go 11
V 11 for 90 minutes
tonight I will talk to the US goal
scorers and ask them to rate their goals
on a scale of one to five five being
awesome one being well it went in say
four or five I think before the game we
talked about our pressure defensively
and we won the ball in a good position
and it was a good build-up a lot of
people involved and finished it far post
I would say I mean it was good it was a
really good ball in right over the top
and I came in from the right side I was
able to take it out of the air with one
touch really well put it on my foot and
had it in a great spot in front of me
and just hit it put it in the back of
the net cross goalie eyes like a bike or
something or like a volley this is like
you know is good goal because he's good
build on from but yeah I would have to
say that my goal was the best of the
game I'm gonna say that because it was
perfectly timed run Mewis who's young
played this fantastic ball through and I
be Ashland near folks
so I rated a 5 and top goal it would be
top 10 on ESPN yours was sort of a
breakaway
how would you rate in one blue five
fiving awesome one being a that's scored
better and I'd rated a 5 just because it
was my right foot when I went in the
goal well I mean the other goals were
really good but I think I'd probably
rate by like a 1 and a half because well
Kelly O'Hara played a great ball a
corner kick great ball across the net
and then it like stumbled a little bit
Alex got a really good touch on it and
then I just kind of tapped it in so I
mean I'll give it a one or two but
overall it was like a very nice school
so for the whole team it was like 57.50
no probably like a him a three maybe it
at least a four or five but Lopez had a
little a little flick on it but that's
really get for ducking out of wall you
get a known goal wasn't it on goal yes
I'm claiming in my bed in assists for
the goal I was gonna bend it in but it's
kind of weird angle it's like get
someone on the end of it
Kousaka denied it and it made up get
nutty twice by Kelly O'Hara